--[light music]
--[women vocalizing]
[Mirai] Everyone is
born with the goal
of finding happiness
and everyone lives
with the aim of attaining
even greater happiness.
I wish I was going to
Shuei High with you guys.
Come on, now.
Stop crying.
[Student] I'll see
you tomorrow at three.
Let's do karaoke
during spring break.
We're gonna be best friends
in high school, right?
[Yatsushiro] Cut it
out, you freak-a-zoid!
[Suzuki] I'm really
gonna miss you, buddy!
[bag crinkling]
It's time, to die.
I just wanted to be happy.
[air whooshing]
I'm conscious.
What's going on?
Does it mean I've
already crossed over?
Wait a minute, could Heaven
and Hell actually exist?
What's that?
No way, is that an angel?
Amazing, angels exist.
If this means I'm going to
heaven, I guess that's fine.
Oh, hey, you're awake Mirai.
Glad I made it in time.
What? Made it in time?
Mhmm.
I caught you before
you hit the ground.
You'd be dead now if I hadn't.
Go on, take a look down there.
Excuse me?
Take a close look.
You'll notice there's
no body on the ground
and no one's making a fuss.
You're right.
Is this reality?
No way.
How am I not dead?
Oh it's real.
That means I'm the person
who saved your life.
Oh, I guess I should have
said the angel, right?
That's insane.
You shouldn't have interfered.
Just drop me.
No way!
The whole point of my coming
here was to make you happy.
Happy?
Yes, that's right.
Remember the moment
right before you jumped?
You said you just
wanted to be happy.
No, you're wrong.
I never said that.
You definitely did.
Well, regardless, I've
now given up on all that.
It's in the past.
Just let me die.
I don't have
anything to live for.
I haven't, since, since--
I am aware.
When you were only
seven years old,
your whole family died.
How did?
And it was soon after that,
that your aunt and
uncle took you in.
That moment marked
the real beginning
of your life of pain, didn't it?
You little brat!
Don't forget who took you in
when you had nowhere to go!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Don't make a sound.
My life became nothing but pain.
I have no family, no friends.
I don't want to go on.
Truth is, there's no hope
anywhere in my future.
You're wrong!
As a special rank angel,
I'm here to give you hope!
[Nasse chuckles]
Give me hope?
Yeah!
[Mirai yells]
I'm offering you hope to
live with freedom or love.
[Mirai] I don't know
what she's talking about.
I just want to be
done with this.
What she's suggesting is stupid.
Oh really?
You think so?
Okay, then.
Let's start with freedom.
Up to this moment, you've
been living as little more
than a slave.
But now you'll be able to go
where you want, when you want.
And then there's love.
Even though you have
no family or friends,
you'll find that
everyone will adore you.
Trust me.
Those are empty promises.
What?
How would you do it?
How would you give
me those things?
Freedom or love?
Both of them are
invisible, vague concepts.
Not true.
You can already see one of them.
For example, look
at these wings.
They can fly faster than
the human eye can follow
and can take you anywhere.
That's freedom.
What?
And then there's
the matter of love.
This is the Angel's arrow.
And you can trust me.
Any man or woman who's
struck by this red arrow
will fall deeply
in love with you.
Isn't that great?
So choose.
Either these wings
or this red arrow.
Encapsulate the hope
that I can give you.
So which one?
[Mirai] Is this some
supernatural scam?
Neither one of
those things exist.
That means I can't choose
either one of them.
I might as well
just die instead.
I can't choose between
those two, so give me both.
Huh?
Then I'll consider it.
Okay.
Then I'll give you everything.
What? I thought I had to
choose one or the other.
I only phrased it that way
because it's tradition.
You'll get both.
No, wait.
I don't want either of them.
I want to die!
--Just leave me alone!
--Here, catch!
What are these things?
The wings sprout from
the Angel's Necklace.
The arrow fires
from the Armband.
Now, wait just a--
Sorry.
There's no wait.
Those bands can't be removed.
You're serious?
I'll look crazy
wearing these things!
Get 'em off.
You don't have to worry.
Nobody can see them on you.
Oh, that's not exactly true.
Other people with
angels will be able to.
What?
Other people with angels?
So there are more of you around.
How many?
Oh, a few.
Just until the
new God is chosen.
The new God?
We'll talk about
that later, okay?
How about we give
those bans a whirl.
[Mirai] Hold on.
--I still haven't.
--Come on!
If you fly you'll land
softer. [chuckles]
Thanks for the advice.
Now will you shut up already?
[Nasse] Try your
wings first, okay?
So what do I say?
Come forth, angel wings?
That was just great!
They're huge!
Don't even worry about the size.
Nobody else will ever
know you have them
and they can't
bump into anything.
So now try flying.
That's easier said than done.
What the heck am
I supposed to do?
[Mitai yells]
Oh, he's flying all right.
Can I control it?
[light pretty music]
Incredible.
This is awesome.
It feels amazing.
I've dreamed about
flying before.
But that didn't compare to the
reality of actually doing it.
Plus, this isn't a dream.
Why am I crying
all of the sudden?
It's so beautiful.
Hope to live with freedom, huh?
Well this is freedom for sure.
Everything's so green.
Why is that?
Here, you can have this.
[Saki] Really, are you sure?
[Mirai] Of course I am.
You're my friend.
Thanks, Mirai.
Today was my
graduation ceremony.
[crickets chirping]
That was good for
your first time.
You didn't seem to
be scared at all.
I couldn't fly before and
I jumped off a building.
Come on, tell the truth.
Wasn't flying fun?
Hey, admit it.
It was an amazing
experience, right?
Since you're faster
than the human eye now,
you can steal anything you want.
What?
And arrow is amazing too.
Bottom line, if you
shoot someone with it,
you can make them fall in
love with you just like that.
Tell me something.
Are you sure that
you're an angel?
Yeah!
I'm special rank,
which is higher than
first and second rank.
All this talk about
controlling minds
and stealing things,
it makes you sound
more like you're the devil.
How would you know?
You've never seen an angel
or a devil before today.
And besides, devils
don't even exist.
If they're anywhere to be found,
it would be inside
the hearts of people.
I suppose that's true.
And if that is the case,
I suppose that would mean
there are devils who moved in
and took over the hearts of
both your aunt and uncle.
Since they killed
people in the past.
They killed someone?
They killed your
family years ago
and made it look like
it was an accident.
What are you talking about?
I have always been watching you.
I know everything there
is to know about you.
My aunt and my uncle?
They murdered my family.
Seriously, seriously?
[family laughing]
They made me suffer.
I figured that was
just how it went.
After all, I wasn't
their real child.
I also thought I was
somehow responsible
for the situation I was in.
I was just a kid.
I couldn't do anything about it.
All of that, torment was
supposed to end today
with my death.
And now you're telling
me they killed my family?
No!
Do you think I'm lying?
Check it out.
Why not use your arrow to
confirm what I'm saying?
Damn piece of crap.
[door thuds]
What's up?
You're home late. Where have
you been all this time?
You're creeping me out
just standing there.
Anyway, perfect timing.
Go buy me a lighter.
See?
Your aunt doesn't even
know I'm standing here.
Auntie, listen.
I've got something
I want to ask you.
Yeah spill it.
Get to it, Mumbles.
Didn't you hear me?
What is it you want, you brat?
Hey, back off.
What the hell do you
think you're doing?
I don't really want you
to fall in love with me,
but here it goes.
You did it!
Now she'll do
anything you tell her.
You mean that's all it
takes to control someone?
Sorry, Mirai.
I'm sorry for what happened.
I love you, Mirai, but
my husband insisted.
He said it was the only way.
Get off me!
Forgive me, Mirai.
Oh, it's working.
This is the power
of the red arrow.
Now tell me.
I want the truth.
All those years ago,
did you and my uncle,
did you kill my family?
No, no!
I resisted.
I didn't really want to!
My husband came
up with the idea.
I swear, he was the
one who planned it all!
I would never want
to hurt you, Mirai.
Unbelievable.
--I love you too much
--Why would they even think
of doing such a thing?
What the hell is all the
screaming and hollering about?
I'm trying to sleep.
I see you're finally back Mirai.
We have a list of
things for you.
It was his idea!
My father accumulated a
modest fortune over his life.
My husband said
we'd get all of it
if my brother wasn't alive
to inherit his share,
so he rigged the car to blow up!
[Uncle] Hey, get off me!
He knew your mother gave my
brother and your sister Akira
a ride every morning.
[Uncle] What are
you talking about?
This can't be true.
[Akira] Goodbye, Mirai.
I'll see you later.
Don't stick your head out
the window, you got that?
I know. I know.
Is that it?
The art for your homework?
You'd better get a move on.
Saki's waiting for you.
You're right!
See you all later!
He's always late.
Saki's gonna be really mad.
[explosion booms]
Dad, mom?
Akira?
[Uncle] Have you lost
what's left of your mind?
Why are you telling
him all of this?
Because it's the truth.
Tell me.
Why did you let me live?
That was his idea too.
He told me he had a plan.
Shut your mouth, woman.
It was for the insurance.
They'd pay if we took you in.
How dare you betray
me, you bitch.
I never liked you
right from the start!
--Shut up!
--They did it
just for the money.
--Get off of me!
--My God, you're monsters!
You don't care about anyone.
You should have died instead.
Get away!
It's true!
The two of you deserve
capital punishment!
You should both just die!
[aunt panting]
[aunt yells]
You bitch!
[Uncle whimpers]
Why did she do that to herself?
You were very clear.
You said she should die.
You mean the red arrow can
compel people to do that?
Oh yes.
If they've done something
that merits death
in order to make amends.
They fall that deeply
in love with you.
Who cares?
That woman helped her
husband kill your family.
[Uncle] Help me, Mirai!
I'll call an ambulance.
It's too late for
that. She's dead.
I know, I'm an angel.
She's definitely dead.
See?
An angel's already
here to get her.
Just like that?
Alive a minute
ago, dead the next.
The same as dad, mom, and Akira.
Wiped out in a flash.
She's dead.
This is real.
It's not a dream.
It's not faked.
It's happening here and now.
Right in front of me.
I'm here in the real
world and I'm still alive.
I'm alive.
I'm alive!
Guess what?
I finished it!
Oh good.
Can I look at it?
Let me see here.
We're all smiling.
We look so happy.
Mirai, I'm convinced everyone
is born with the goal
of finding happiness.
And then after that,
everyone lives with
the aim of attaining
even greater happiness.
I believe this deep in my heart.
So my wish for you is that
you always find happiness
in your life.
[Mirai panting]
[Mirai yells]
Mirai?
My mother said we live
to find happiness.
After death happiness
is out of reach.
She was obviously right.
And rather than going out to
search for that happiness,
I tried to kill myself.
All of that wasted time.
What was I doing?
I'm sorry dad, Akira, and mom.
I have to find happiness
for their sakes as well.
Yes, that's right.
The honest truth is
anyone can find happiness
regardless of their past.
See?
To prove it, I came
to make you happy,
even though I know your history.
Right.
I get it.
I want to be happy.
My name is Nasse and
I'm your personal angel.
Come on, Mirai.
It's been three days.
You haven't used our wings
or arrow in all that time.
Not since you shot the
front desk lady downstairs.
Your uncle seems to think
your aunt went crazy
and killed herself.
You don't have to worry.
See this money?
It's all I have left for now.
I'm using the arrows power
to stay in this place.
Now look.
You said the wings would
allow me to steal anything
and the arrow would allow
me to control minds.
Is that accurate?
Mhmm.
Okay. But things acquired
through theft or deception
don't make me happy.
If they did, I'd
be a bad person.
I'm fine with more
ordinary happiness.
Can you define
ordinary happiness?
Yeah.
Having some place to sleep
and something to eat.
Going to school,
working at a company
and maybe one day falling
in love with someone
and eventually raising a
happy family with them.
The kind of happiness that I had
back before I lost my family.
So that's ordinary happiness.
Understood.
Bottom line, my only desire
is for you to be happy.
Look, Nasse.
I'm going to need
a chunk of money.
I can't keep on living in
a place like this forever.
Hmm, money?
If that's what you need,
you should get out there
and kill your uncle
and all his kids.
What?
Well of course then all the
money he's been hoarding
would become your inheritance.
Don't forget, the
man did adopt you.
But murder them?
What are you talking
about, Nasse?
It's just taking
money back from people
who made a fortune by
killing your family. Right?
The red arrow can
easily kill your uncle,
who's tormented by his
guilt in the same way
it was able to kill your aunt.
I don't want him
to die like that.
However, I doubt his
kids have done anything
to merit death as a
way to make amends.
So the red arrow probably
wouldn't kill them.
Now hold on just a minute.
Don't talk about killing
people like it's no big deal.
But there is an easier way.
You can just use the white arrow
inside the Angel's armband.
That one I gave you, remember?
The white arrow?
Shooting someone with
a white arrow is quick.
It kills them instantly
100% of the time.
It's very accurate.
An arrow that
instantly kills people?
Why does an angel have
something like that?
Special rank angels
have the white arrows,
arrows of peaceful death.
People that are on their way
out are given a painless exit.
And God carries them as well.
God needs arrows?
I haven't told you
about that yet.
Oh, sorry.
I guess I got too caught
up in stopping you
from killing yourself.
Here's the deal.
There are currently 13 God
candidates residing on earth
and each one of them
has a personal angel.
What?
Oh yes. It's all
according to plan.
Each one has been
given wings and arrows
and one of them will be
chosen to become the new God.
I imagine you'll run into
some of the other
candidates eventually.
It's inevitable.
In that moment I realized
I started down a journey
to a destination I
couldn't even imagine.
The path I was on now
was an outrageous one.
What?
Who the hell are you?
Is that a white arrow?
[Mirai] I had finally
decided to pursue happiness
in my life and just live.
But now, 13 God candidates?
[Metropoliman] You only
had a red arrow, huh?
[Mirai] What's it gonna take
to be chosen as the new God?
[closing theme music]